[Music]
Second question: I'd like to remain anonymous. My
girlfriend and I both have our
own families, but our families aren't
happy because there was no
premarital love until we met
and fell deeply in love. We maintain a
moral distance,
but whenever we're apart, we feel longing and
heartache. Several times we've
decided to break up and return to our families,
but neither of us could bear it, so we ended up
together.
I have a son and a
daughter, both well-behaved and academically successful.
Our income is stable, and we have enough to live on.
I'd like your advice.
Thank you. This question is also shared by many
people who have families and
similar concerns. I'm just quoting one question
from Facebook, but many others
share the same worries.
Now, I will answer this question with a
full
understanding of love and family
so that we can have the knowledge to answer
others' questions.
I've already answered that person's question
above.  I've already sent a message, but now,
because this question
concerns many people, I'm
bringing it up again to answer in
this Dharma discussion session. Respectfully, to the audience, the two
issues raised are: the issue of love
after marriage and the absence of love
after marriage.
We must all look back at ourselves and
see where our love originates
in this world. Love comes
very unexpectedly, hence the folk songs and
proverbs. Have you heard them?
Four eyes meet, sparks
fly, and that's love.
Then, a very small gesture, a handkerchief
falls, and the other person
picks it up, four eyes meet, and
that's love. So, love comes
without calculation, without any planning; it's simply
a feeling of affection. Just a feeling of affection.
For example, I'm talking about
my own experience: when I first met my husband, he was just
a
cousin. But there was only a
letter left behind, only a poem.
That every strand of hair that falls from my head
makes my hair greener. We
keep thinking, "Ah, this person will be the
one who loves our children, this person, that person, that
person," and so on. It's just
affection, nothing
more. But the truth in life
after marriage is not like that,
folks. It's not like that.
Yen answered the question: "
Love is like that, but
we have to build something from
this love, and after the end of
that love, marriage, we have to create
another kind of love. This kind of love will make
our marriage strong. If both of us
apply this,
our marriage will be strong. We
usually care about the meaning of
marital love.
Before marriage, young people
and parents should guide
their children to live with a beautiful meaning.
This has been demonstrated through Hien's actions:
how to treat your parents-in-law,
how to treat your own parents."
How should we treat our siblings, and
how should we behave towards our husband's friends and our wife's friends?
Which social gatherings should we
attend and which shouldn't?
In other words, we must
build a foundation of morality,
and from that foundation, we live
and see each other with
this sense of duty and affection. This will transform love
into a
deep and profound sense of duty and affection. No one can
take away
a wife when she goes out
because of past karma;
seeing this man, their eyes meet, their
gestures create feelings,
but upon returning, she examines her husband
's actions and sees the sense of duty. Therefore, this feeling
cannot
transcend that sense of duty, and the wife feels the same way
towards her husband. Thus, life after
marriage is built on that sense of
duty, while all the feelings of longing and
wanting to be together when far apart are just
love. So, these two came
together with a kind of love, but it's currently
at
a certain point...  Immoral means that if two people who
already have families
leave
their families to marry each other, they
will never find happiness. This is
because their relationship stems from love, but they
often overlook the sense of duty and commitment to their spouses.
They don't consider how
their wives care for their children,
or how their husbands care for their children. They
don't see that; they don't
live by the principle of duty. When two people
build a life together without this sense of duty,
happiness is inevitable
because it's just a newly
developed relationship. They do
n't have shared financial responsibilities, shared childcare, shared sick relatives, shared
parents, or
shared siblings. They only have a
relationship that satisfies their own desires.
Therefore, if these two people leave
their families to marry, they
will not find happiness. However, any
marriage that is happy after leaving one's old family
requires both individuals to...  Living a life full of love and affection,
but one's partner doesn't
value that love and affection at all,
only
valuing pleasure. In the short term, if
these two people live a life full of love and
affection, they can leave the
unfaithful partner and
find happiness together because they live by the principle of
love and affection.
Yen's answer: That's the answer,
and I'll let her choose and
build her own mindset in
her current life to
transform it. Yen will end her
answer here.
[music]